greeting	hello
greeting	hullo
greeting	howdy
greeting	hello
greeting	hello
greeting	howdy there
greeting	howdy there
greeting	hi there
greeting	there
greeting	hi there
greeting	howdy
greeting	how do you do
greeting	hi
greeting	hi
greeting	hi
greeting	hey
greeting	hey
greeting	hey
greeting	hey
greeting	hey
greeting	good morning
greeting	safe morning
greeting	in effect morning
greeting	good morning
greeting	good morning
greeting	good afternoon
greeting	skillful afternoon
greeting	good afternoon
greeting	good good afternoon
greeting	good afternoon
greeting	near evening
greeting	good level
greeting	good evening
greeting	good evening
greeting	good evening
greeting	how are you
greeting	how are you
greeting	how are you
greeting	how you
greeting	how are you
greeting	whats up
greeting	whats up
greeting	whats up
greeting	whats up
greeting	whats up
greeting	how do you do
greeting	how do you do
greeting	how do you do
greeting	how do you do
greeting	how do you do
greeting	im sorry
greeting	im sorry
greeting	im gloomy
greeting	im dismal
greeting	im sorry
greeting	salute
greeting	present
greeting	salute
greeting	wassail
greeting	salute
greeting	break of the day
greeting	daybreak
greeting	morning
greeting	morning
greeting	morning
greeting	good afternoon
greeting	afternoon
greeting	good afternoon
greeting	afternoon
greeting	afternoon
greeting	evening
greeting	flush
greeting	level
greeting	evening
greeting	evening
greeting	whats going on
greeting	whats drop dead on
greeting	whats going on
greeting	whats go on
greeting	whats going on
greeting	how s everything
greeting	s everything
greeting	how s everything
greeting	how s everything
greeting	how s everything
greeting	how are things
greeting	how are affair
greeting	how are things
greeting	how are thing
greeting	how are things
greeting	good to see you
greeting	good to see
greeting	good to look you
greeting	good to project you
greeting	good to see you
greeting	whats encounter
greeting	whats happening
greeting	whats go on
greeting	whats happening
greeting	whats happening
greeting	recognise
greeting	recognize
greeting	greetings
greeting	greetings
greeting	greetings
greeting	hey hoot
greeting	hey hiss
greeting	hey boo
greeting	hey boo
greeting	hey boo
greeting	how are things going
greeting	how are things going
greeting	how are matter going
greeting	how are things fail
greeting	how are things going
greeting	glad to see you
greeting	beaming to see you
greeting	glad to come across you
greeting	glad to see you
greeting	glad to see you
greeting	hello golem
greeting	howdy robot
greeting	hello robot
greeting	hello robot
greeting	hello robot
greeting	apologize me
greeting	excuse
greeting	excuse me
greeting	rationalise me
greeting	excuse me
